[DOCS]7.15.2 Release Notes (#1187)
elastic/security-docs: docs/release-notes/7.15.asciidoc

[[release-notes-header-7.15.0]]
== 7.15

[discrete]
[[release-notes-7.15.2]]
=== 7.15.2

[discrete]
[[bug-fixes-7.15.2]]
==== Bug fixes and enhancements

> * The Analyze event option has been moved from the overflow menu to the Actions column. It now only displays for events that can be analyzed ({pull}115478[#115478]).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The Analyze event option has been moved from the overflow menu to the Actions column. It now only displays events that can be opened in the visual event analyzer ({pull}115478[#115478]).
```

> * The Analyze event option has been moved from the overflow menu to the Actions column. It now only displays events that can be opened in the visual event analyzer ({pull}115478[#115478]).

Reviewer 2: I am curious, why capitalize "Actions column" but not "overflow menu"?
